[Music]
I can't even walk out there I'm not even
in a walkout you can tell them
put the cherries away come on get some
of the then they can put a closed sign
on the theater I'm not gonna do how to
afraid to do this I'm sick as a dog I'm
too tall so I'm tired okay I don't want
to be here I want to go on Ben Mullen
check out what everyone's been up to I
want to go on my venmo news feed I'm not
gonna stay and do this Facebook life can
just bite my ass
[Music]
[Applause]
hello Chicago thank you so much it's
really nice to be in Chicago I was just
in the south yesterday and this people
have a hard time with this in the south
and so when this walks into the gas
station it gets up the goods alone
I noticed so there's a big day even in
rural Illinois that's a big difference
though between this and this this gets
up how you doing buddy okay good good to
see you buddy I'm not thrilled about
what's happening but you're on the right
track okay this is a cocker spaniel
who's by at best buy a best this okay
okay he hunts poorly but he hunts I
[Music]
walked out in this blazer in Orlando and
a girl 11 the distinct voice of an 11
year old girl says I thought this was a
glamorous look and then I caught a
glimpse of myself in a high-end i rear
view and I just looked like an old woman
who's about to take over Tampa and just
here comes Ruthie
I've already broken the I took this back
in when I started doing stand-up comedy
in like the 1960s I stood I took I took
this course in Boston with this guy
named Eddie I've already broken
Eddie's big rule which is if you don't
take that he was like five foot one and
just like always slamming O'Doul's just
non-alcoholic beer he said if you don't
take the microphone out of the stand in
the first 15 seconds you're screwed and
so for the first like six months of
doing stand-up it'd be like give it up
for Chris drinking only drinking are we
dating are we dating
[Applause]
was it worth shattering both patellas
for that then be - laughs I don't think
so
I don't think so what do you think
birdbath what do you think okay she just
gave me a thumbs up it was such like a
Roman king he lives she lives
I hope you don't keep doing that
throughout there so what if I look in
this I'm gonna take this off justified
thank you very much I'm gonna put this
right here
[Applause]
[Music]
mmm now that's a little too one-woman
show II as a one-woman show we do a
blackout happiness this is one a
one-woman show
I'm Italian trust me one second Greg I
said one second Greg Greg wasn't like
the other guys he could see that I was
Italian he didn't mind when I poured
marinara sauce in my glove compartment
and stored it there and whenever I
opened it it would spill on me like I
was some kind of Italian Carey Greg
could drive God could me drive too bad
he was married
it has everybody feeling today what if I
could do that standing ovation
that's jujitsu right there that's
you got to be a samurai for that
oh you saw my gold tips all right well
at least it's not all lives this is a
dress rehearsal all right let's get this
belts are for narcs it's been a lot of
sharp feminine energy I've been getting
so far from you guys are there okay
there's a couple guy oh there's a couple
guys it's usually about ninety nine
percent women one percent their
emotional support animals at my shows
it's nice to see those people coming at
me right now do I have to know okay
welcome welcome
you know when you see someone just kind
of do I have to give chip okay
I was in a new neighborhood and there
was from a hundred yards away at a
chihuahua who was just like I was like I
don't have to run I don't have to and I
kept talking and then I looked over he
was like fifty yards and eventually I
was just like I guess I have to start
running out okay
nothing makes you feel like Eugene Levy
like having to run away from a chihuahua
you know family comedy move okay yeah so
it's nice to see some guys out there
that's not I don't know if it's nice
actually I don't know if isn't it I feel
like about 80 percent of my adult life
is just meeting people I don't care
about boyfriends and I come from a
really grotesque social circle like
there's a real like study abroad vibe
going on and I feel like it's only a
matter of time until I meet a boyfriend
who's just on all fours and explains to
me the whole time why it's beneficial to
be on all fours cheers I'm Nikolas you
know humans aren't actually meant to
walk on two feet I've never had more
energy and I've never felt better
you know it's actually quite messed up
to walk on two feet given the
Christopher Columbus connotations
I learned this while studying abroad in
Hanoi and making my host family's life
miserable Oh could you excuse me for one
second hello grandma my love of my life
what do you mean you forgot to get me
gee grandma MA you nip-slip gee grandma
ma he it is an Indian butter you busy
lesbian grandma MA
[Applause]
listen to me you small business lesbian
I went to the women's March and led
chants I deserve
I asked women at their March for their
sunscreen and I used it all over my face
and neck i inconvenienced women at their
own march because i am an ally from mama
listen to me you bossy hedgehog I made a
Facebook post 15 pages single-spaced
about how men need to stop taking up so
much space grandma no no no grandma MA
listen grandma listened brand me grandma
we need to start the grandma listen to
me we need to start listening to women
I'm also a bit of a film bar
[Music]
did you know that it took them six weeks
to shoot the cover photo for Free Willy
because every time the whale jumped over
the boy he kept knocking him over with
his giant whale dick not a lot of people
know that I went to NYU the city's my
campus Free Willy Free Willy
um Free Willy it's on Netflix check it
out
Netflix is really pushing it with their
assumptions lately because you watched
Seabiscuit there are more movies with
lean background actors
what here are more equine dramas that
employ a pansexual gaffer but how is
that an algorithm I looked at the
suggested videos on my channel yeah I
make online I assume you all know when
they gon lent videos it's not like I was
on some hit Disney Channel show or
something I figure that's why you're
here I looked at those suggested videos
on my channel I thought I was edgy turns
out I'm a huge problem right it's all
like the BuzzFeed gang chasing down the
kids from stranger things and trying to
force-feed them jalapenos and make them
react to old rom-com posters Jimmy
Fallon is about six weeks away from
buying those kids beer like this no you
think that Bert no you think he's got
the moral backbone to turn down a hey
mister from Dustin off you know he
been wolfhard could talk Jimmy Fallon
into vandalizing an orphanage so I make
online video Santa and I get these uh
these messages a lot from middle-aged
people on Facebook you know how
middle-aged people on Facebook you know
how their profile pictures are super low
res super zoomed in of them doing like a
fear grimace on the beach just
it reads more like a missing-persons ad
than a profile did you hire a shitty
private investigator to make your
profile Peggy and they write to me
where's the new girl where is it just
clearly typing with their elbows where's
the new yeah I love that where is it
like they can't fathom that it doesn't
exist why is it in my laundry basket is
it under my Bureau where is it in the
wood I'll either get messages like that
or these emails from that guy loves
emails did his humor Azzurri email base
drop
Billy he's talking about emails I wonder
if it's Gmail or Yahoo I get these
emails from these shitty new streaming
startups like Big Joe dot TV and they'll
write to me they'll be like hey Chris
spell my name like with like a K and
twosies hey Chris it's time from video
TV recently came across your channel
love what you're up to
what's wondering if you wanted to come
make bad videos for us for free and live
in a well in our yard every morning will
splash you with a bucket a half and half
and will taunt you with photos of your
loved ones to inspire you to make that
free content that will feed you birdseed
I have an old Tonka truck you piece of
also because we love your content
so much well we're willing to give you a
special offer if you're willing to be a
surrogate for the rancid old man that
lives at the top of our water tower will
give you unfettered access to our
thoughts database
delete
then he'll write back two weeks later
and get my name just completely wrong
hey Josh just circling back wondering if
you thought about my offer
[Laughter]
recently started their distribution
there with Samsung galaxys you know the
phones that blow up on planes we want to
put your videos in zoo gift shop
bathrooms but instead of paying you
money or we want we want to tie you to a
wayward donkey who's then gonna take you
to your old middle school crushes houses
only the ones they are now married and
there's gonna be an iPod dock on there
blasting Celine Dion's my heart will go
on full blast
also I'm looping in our new VP his names
case he just lost his job at Hertz
rent-a-car for doing sex acts to a
vending machine then occasionally I'll
just get an email like Chris the
neighbors want to know if you're trans
right back love dad
dad for the last time I'm not a man I'm
not a woman I'm a show big brace me up
and send me to market put a saddle on me
let the barbers wife ride me around the
fair I just want to make farmers in them
and probably didn't slaughter me when he
had the chance one of the yeah one of
the sad things about this job is I can
only drink water when you guys are
laughing how bone-chilling would it be
if right now I was just like
[Music]
the tragedy of the hydration of the
clown am I the only one that gets a rush
of adrenaline when the radio DJ cuts his
dismount a little too close to the
song's beginning you're listening to
94.1 the patch fm
I'm Mike Sackler a DS and we're having
the smoothest time here today let me
just say real quick I love my job let me
say that one more time I love my job
then in the background you hear Tracy
Chapman's nipping at your heels we'll be
here all afternoon here by the pool I'm
here with my son Jakob we're raising him
by my wife's here she's also named Jakob
we've been going to a lot of health food
stores you know everyone's bald but like
mine fully balls and every time you need
me I'll be right here on 94.7 the patch
here's Tracy Chapman you got a fast car
you crazy son of a bitch
oh yeah we got a lot of equestrian boots
in the front row yeah no one buys
tickets early like equestrians and
they're the first to arrive
okay I'm gonna become untucked as the
night goes on just don't be stressed
you're gonna get the worst of it okay
but it's fine
I think the height of privilege is
thinking people care what you thought
about lala land
that being said I wasn't a big fan of it
this tissues unrelated I just have a
cold I you know I live okay I've lived
in LA for one of the worst sounds I've
heard in a while I've lived in a life
for a while and I just didn't think that
la-la-land really did it justice I don't
think that it really sums what up what
it's like living in LA so what I have
done is I have collected two real-life
anecdotes that I think serve as better
alternative versions of lala land of
what it's truly like to live in the city
of stars and I'd like to share those
with you right now I'm gonna pitch them
for the first one I'm in a black box
theater okay with an actress the kind of
girl who you can tell like maybe got
like a supporting lead in high school so
she caught the bug and by the bug I mean
narcissistic personality disorder and
the kind of girl you can tell really
comes alive and hibachi you know what I
mean just it's Frank tempura
and she is explaining to her friend her
acting range okay
and I'm trying to kind of get through
it's a thin hallway and I'm trying to
kind of Catherine zeta-jones my way
through but she's an actor so she's not
concerned with knees and so I'm she's
like yeah casting directors these days
later see me as cute dorky girl next
door or sexy shot DOS and on sexy
chanteuse she me so hard in the job that
I flew against a piano and I blacked out
temporarily maybe not from the blunt
trauma but maybe because I had never
seen such an arc accurate archetypal
representation of a region it'd be like
going to Denver and seeing the Lumineers
at an anthropology it would be like
going to Seattle and seeing Kurt Cobain
just King Kong on the Space Needle and
be like going to Washington DC and
seeing me in my pants hooking up just me
and my pensive
bouncing thoughts like Mowgli and
Palouse style now if someone had
overheard me talking about my acting
range I would have to just sit by a
reservoir for 24 hours and think about
what I've done
if if I had injured an innocent
bystander on sexy shot dos I would take
the plates off of my Mazda and I would
drive north to the Yukon and just start
over until things blew over and just
work at a path son okay like not what
she did know what she did instead was
simply say roll credits la-la-land
I think that would be a lot better verse
and very brief second one okay I have
these two friends Diane and William from
the theater school just real
unforgiveable time steppers okay yes so
into theater
she is a plucky theater girl and he shy
gay guy he is basically a 90-pound
rotisserie chicken in skinny jeans that
she just kind of takes everywhere she
you know for anyone who thinks
indentured servitude is no more has
never been to an art school and seeing
the relationship between a theater girl
and a meek shyguy guy it's just fear
girl 5:00 a.m. came to the dorm
wake up you Pig party John what's going
on are you not gonna tell me how fierce
I look I just woke up a little startled
how do you think I look so fierce
you put a lot of work into it guess
again I
you're wearing makeup you have one more
guest oh oh I know you woke up like that
you're goddamn right I did so they come
over to my mud hut one afternoon and
they tell me that they got signed to an
agent and I'm like wow music people from
my school we don't get signed a agent
okay
well that's okay that's great guy and I
can guess what it's the same agent hmm
okay rewind a little bit
the first thing that I did when I moved
to LA I was a companion for a man with
Down syndrome I would take him to lunch
in the movies and we'd play basketball
and whatnot we're still really close
friends he he's very funny and very
cruel to me sometimes last time I went
to go pick him up he was like Chris why
are you wearing pajamas and I'm like
these are like the best clothes that I
own do he was like you look like a
stepmom
I don't need this right now so he likes
to sing and so I found this arts rec
center for people with developmental
disabilities where you know you could go
up and perform and sing and act and do
whatever and then just sit back down and
watch everyone else do it and it seems
like a wonderful thing if I were
anywhere else in the world I'd be like
oh this is so great but since it was in
LA I was like I have a pretty nasty
feeling about this so something seems a
little whatever okay so my friend goes
up he sings sits back down I think
that's it that's never in a woman pops
out from this doorway and she gives us
one of these
and she says Randy wants to see you now
I've yet to have a good experience with
a Randy so I'm not looking forward to
but my friend and I were okay okay I
walked down this long smoky hallway
everything's like buttered popcorn
yellow and and thirty 80s in a bad way
and we get to the smoke-filled room and
there's Randy Randy looks like he's like
a Chrysler LeBaron come to life and he
looks to my friend he goes you got
something kid I'm gonna take you to the
top how are you at auditions
oh of course this is place is not a
utopia this is La this is this rec
center is a front for the greasiest
worst agent man alive right now okay
okay and then he goes I'm gonna take you
to the top I want to sign you today and
I look behind Randy and there are about
a hundred fifty headshots of people with
Down syndrome behind him and my friend
is just not having it and he's just
looking at Randy like I came here to
have a good time dude and not sign a
backdoor management deal with a guy who
looks like he's been living off a combos
since the Reagan administration
so Randy my friend goes let's go get
some lunch to me him we start to head
out and Randy starts getting desperate
he goes alright let me tell you about
the company let me tell you about the
company ok I want to work with you
starting today I'm gonna take you to the
top kid ok we represent all sorts of
people with developmental disabilities
this is Bobby he's in an FX pilot this
guy's Ritchie's gonna be in CBS on CBS
in June oh and we just also happen to
sign two new folks who don't have
developmental disabilities paying over
about a half mile on the wall to loan
headshots my friends
Dianne and William brutal brutal so my
friend has a cat and I have a Bijan and
I spend about 45 minutes saying hello to
said Bichon when I go home oh my god my
friend wanted to introduce me to his cat
I had never seen somebody greet their
cat before so we go up to his apartment
he and his cat are just kind of just
staring at each other's side lunges
just Pacino and De Niro when another
doesn't then occasionally looking over
to me and I'm like what are you guys
like a polyamorous couple or something
what is you know how there's something
kind of about the polyamorous community
like it's never it's never who you want
to be polyamorous who's polyamorous do
you know like you're never like oh sweet
it's usually the guy at the verizon
store you know
who wears vests to parties everyone
thinks that I'm polyamorous because of
my look I'm not okay and I just want to
make one thing absolutely clear
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
to tell you for a while we now
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
breakfast the same but not even
confidently thank you like my best for
me shove its hand in his pocket
like a Romanian woman receipt section
where each century like a dog
[Music]
[Music]
to take me
it's so nice to see you
how you kept going on about how long
that's true
conspiratorial
come he can drop an interval -
I think with the burlesque community or
burlesque in general it takes a while to
get good at something right like when
did Serena Williams start playing tennis
like two or three when do people start
playing doing bruh les 28 like I started
skateboarding at 28 but I don't make my
friends and family pay money to see me
do it poorly while getting menacingly
more and more nude I have a sister
that's us
my parents were like Chris how did you
end up the way that you did well maybe
if you hadn't dressed me like a bisexual
poacher
look at that old ruthless Queen right
there my sister's a little kick my
sister's older than men even though
everyone thinks I'm older people like
Jesus Chris you're younger what happened
did you witness some murder did your dad
do a Ponzi scheme or something why do
you look like those things they put on
goats so that they can sleep easier at
night I am falling apart okay at least
we're not taping it okay she's super
overprotective of me too she lives in
Massachusetts and I live in LA and
whenever I call her she's like are you
okay and it's like yes Katie and if I
were being punished by a coyote right
now why would I call somebody 3,000
miles away
with an art history degree like she's
super overprotective at very strange
erratic inappropriate times it's like
when your seatbelt decides to randomly
lock and you're stuck doing this little
Street performance and it's like I
appreciate what you're trying to do but
I'm doing four miles per hour down my
driveway you narc
I grew up with most with girls can be
almost communally with my sister and two
female cousins and one of these cousins
got married recently and so they had to
give me a job at the wedding but they
wanted to give me the most Anna nine
innocuous job so as to not contaminate
the rest of the wedding with any of my
fruity business you know so we're
Catholic and so my job was to take the
gifts up to the altar the the wine aka
the blood of Christ
and give it to the bride and groom who
gives it to the priest who then blesses
it and distributes it to the rest of the
church now my family is very elegant and
proper and I look like a Halloween
decoration and and my family has made it
very clear through a series of looks and
gestures that one more slip-up and I am
out that's it that's it
so I'm taking this job very very
seriously so the day comes okay I get
the wine okay
okay you got this buh-bye I give the
wine to Chris the groom now Chris is not
Catholic but he's been around for the
rehearsal so I assume he knows know
what's going on
he says to me what do I do with this now
Chris and I have a very jokey
relationship and I want to and yes him
[Music]
so I say you chug it
[Applause]
[Applause]
next thing I know he has basically taken
a frat house laundry and does one of the
most dramatic god adam's apple' going
pelican style dribbling down and
going on like if we didn't finish the
entire jug he would lose the respect of
the whole congregation I looked to my
family to try to communicate to them
non-verbally I didn't want any of these
but they're too busy deleting my number
from their phones just nope at this
point the bride screams there's
something very Stephen King about seeing
your kin in a wedding dress
scream no now it would be a whole heck
of a lot easier for me to prove my
innocence if this weren't the only
evidence from that moment
[Applause]
it looks like my cousin Johnny and I
have been preparing this Shakespearean
vengeance since the eighties I even have
the quintessential villain waiting for
his bird so they can sit in the tower
and watch the world burn just yes all is
going according to plan yes yes now
[Music]
the laughter couldn't be less cohesive
in this room it's like a woman under the
rafters having the time of her life
there's an old poet who I'm not gonna
point out but you all know who he is
sitting in the middle of the room just I
thought this was the ghost hunter it's
just really alarming to hear like
equestrians having the time of their
lives because there's like a wall like I
need to get past that and there's
definitely nothing happening and like
grows sick then the phantom of the
opera' just came in just but like still
that doesn't help me because he's up in
the the rafters I just locked eyes with
the man who is not enjoying himself and
I thought maybe calling him out it was I
mean it's a gamble it's either gonna
know I just did I mean I know I already
do it you won't know could we get her
out of here no I'm do it I like that
idea after someone's already done it do
it
what year is it where am I do it did it
and it's tough part it the tough part is
he's like clearly a kindly older man
like the kind like I locked eyes with
him and I was like oh he's gonna be a
good audience member like it seems like
the only thing he wants in this world is
like to be the first person to walk on a
new bridge or something but he does not
like the zydeco that I'm slinging out
there tonight I'll tell you that that
was the weakest laugh zydeco has that
could ever get just we're talking is I
attack oh okay so when something like
this happens you have to at least
consider going away for a long time and
living in isolation which is not that
different from what I do anyway I I
write a lot so I spent a lot of my time
alone in my apartment and I will
sometimes leave the apartment thinking
I'm not gonna see anybody and I haven't
yet spoken that day and then I'm
suddenly helicopter dropped into a
social situation and so what I end up
saying is something like
[Music]
by yay
[Applause]
you know when you haven't yet spoken
that day and hi Chris bah becoming some
kind of commedia dell'arte ah if you
spend a long enough time alone you can
forget you're even a person you're just
like I'm a buoy right yeah I'm a buoy
I'm around hi Chris oh right on the
person you have to recontextualize
yourself but oh yeah it went through K
through 8 and driver's ed oh right right
I tore my meniscus Irish step-dancing in
my bedroom in 2003 true story true story
right I'm a person oh right right oh I
got a hand job - that Goo Goo Dolls song
and she abided by the tempo change did
you know that song
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
undeniable undeniable
[Applause]
[Music]
no mortal Borov woman can deny that
tempo change I was gonna walk over into
that crowded area but it's way too
intimidating there's this girl right
here who's doing this to me
beckoning me very Hansel and Gretel
style oh yeah
I only come to if it's for moving at a
time I don't come to individual digits
just a little trick I don't do into it's
everyone wearing glasses here are we all
just a bunch of pencil-necked geeks okay
hello hello hello how do you think if
that cue had gone better how do you
think how much bigger would the laughs
have been the Goo Goo Dolls thing on
time that doesn't answer my question at
all I'm not okay okay thank you thank
you very for nothing for that
this young woman is like looking like
she's not even here to see me right now
just not making icons just trying to
look like she's interested by these two
little things over here these oh yeah
mm-hmm I actually like bold theater like
this stuff this kind of Jim Henson moves
right here these two guys I want to know
their story I don't really care about
what you're talking about I'm here for
these I like your bag oh we got a real
jungle I'm like a I'm a magenta jungle
cat you're the real deal Wow
do you want to prowl around on stage
with me okay now come here come here
the only pro I mean this is actually the
most pathetic display of jungle cats
I've ever seen actually what have jungle
cats become really if you well I mean I
was kind of waiting for you to boost me
up
[Applause]
photonic a bit further
[Applause]
Oh what's happening to me oh my god
what's happening oh my god okay okay
okay okay okay okay sorry not it's
something about the tilt on this stage
it's just give it up for my jungle cat
Fred right here thank you thank you
thank you where would I be without you
[Applause]
so uh you know how dads have that kind
of weekend energy like you wake up on a
Saturday morning and you're not quite
sure where your dad is and then you hear
out in the garage just and you go out in
the garage and you see him like under a
tractor and it's Jesus Mary and Joseph
that's that's my dad right there that's
basically my dad now my dad made a
mistake in the 90s or what he what he
perceived to be a gigantic mistake and I
would like to tell you all about it now
through the majesty of song
[Applause]
[Music]
Spencer
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
right I did you this won't be having any
practice on Tuesday no practice Tuesday
[Music]
okay all right take it okay
[Music]
job
[Music]
like that
[Music]
the class this is Massachusetts where I
[Music]
[Applause]
just week down in erotic nighttime
whisper to my son's soccer coach take
care of it now said the Russell Silver's
I need to go into the woods or something
no you don't you my dad is now occupying
a level of people
and I think who's dreams when is that
you name is that you Tim let me explain
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay I gotta go I love you bye oh my god
why did I say it again
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you just threw my clothes by behind the
man who is politely offered to catch
that it was the nerdiest Punk move my
self-esteem is never anywhere good
I'm either like preteen at her Bat
Mitzvah disassociating doing greased
lightning choreography or I'm on the way
to the DMV to change the occupation of
my driver's license to queer icon
there's no middle ground
queer icon has a real Apple support ring
to it doesn't it
are you seeing the queer icon I'm seeing
it but I'm not liking it
it's a man from Kentuckian okay so what
happened to me you guys like crooked
penis
we love neo cubism here in Chicago we
[Applause]
and I can very quickly take the
self-esteem tower of terror from one
extreme you guys as a crowd you all just
you have when you got did you get like a
number of when to laugh specifically
like you guys need to do some kind of
icebreakers amongst yourself or some
okay it's so jarring to hear a new laugh
this late in the show I can very quickly
take the self-esteem tower of terror
from one extreme to the it to the next
and I think this anecdote sums that up
very very well
my girlfriend's sister that's a real M
night Shyamalan twist yeah oh I forgot
your Adele close town you like the old
vaudeville tricks oh he hasn't utilized
the trick of three enough my
girlfriend's sister got a new boyfriend
and we want to meet this guy and so my
girlfriend and her sisters started
hatching this spooky sister plan of how
we can you know how when sisters are
talking I've never felt less needed you
know like cuz you guys would be totally
happy alone on a rock in the middle of a
lake just harmonizing and dexterously
self-grooming like bonobos until the end
of time the only time sisters ever need
anybody else is when they get in a
blowout fight and it gets too bad then
though for each other then they'll
slowly start facing you it's like a
liberal conservative split screen and
your Anderson Cooper getting woken up at
4:00 a.m. I know I was working today
[Applause]
so they wow that sounded gorgeous so
they know what did I tell you the item
where our was in the night so they hatch
this spooky sister plan for us to meet
this guy for the first time in a Korean
spa now that Korean spa for those of you
who don't know it sounds like you do now
it is a nude spa separated by gender so
their idea of us all hanging out and
meeting for the first time is the
sisters on one floor just kind of
braiding each other's hair and soaking
comfortably well me and the boyfriend
are just completely nude facing each
other just Guantanamo style
[Applause]
and me meeting guys already is a
nightmare
I'm very Amy Adams in a rival holding up
a white board that says Tracy Chapman so
I'm like guys could we go to a park or
something
whoa Chris relax you tall virgin it's
totally natural
okay I know when I'm being gas-lit but I
get along Dignan I'm like okay okay I'll
go okay but I will be driving alone
thank you very much you're like okay
Chris well it's pretty complicated once
you get there and everything's in Korean
so we should probably do the
instructions and what's it
I will not be needing directions thank
you very much big mistake so I show up
blind to the Korean spa and I'm already
right out of the gate bombarded with
more nudes than I've ever seen in my
entire and they're all popping out with
this very kind of it's been attitude and
it's it's not that I'm uncomfortable
with nudity like I used to do it a lot
in college it's never genuinely like the
whole West Coast I mean off thing I with
nuded like the vegan nudity I've never
tried it but the more I'm looking at
these guys you know walking around it's
it's something beautiful that's like
they've been here since the dawn of time
when it's all these nude these nude men
of all different ages and what I'm like
you know what Chris why don't we try
something new why don't we branch out
why don't we try on ironic nudity
okay okay take off my shirt okay
okay okay what doesn't kill you makes
you stronger sing a little louder
doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone
this feels kind of good actually okay
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger
sing a little louder it doesn't mean I'm
lonely when I'm alone and fatica Li
throw my clothes off okay Chris you're
breaking out okay I can do more stuff
like this walk down a corridor not quite
sure where I'm going everything's in
Korean up some stairs doesn't kill mrs.
target stay a little taller doesn't mean
I'm lonely when I'm alone Korean woman
employee fully dressed you need to put
some clothes on
[Applause]
started doing botched Andrew Lloyd
Webber's cats choreography cats quick
sidenote you know how when you're young
you don't have a critical eye yet you're
like oh that's a book that's a movie
that's a film Katz was the first thing
where I was like yeah that could use
some work you need to put some clothes
on I guess I had wandered dangerously
close to the cafeteria a family seating
area and I was just about to walk in
completely new hi I'm Chris who is
everybody hi nobody wants to see a
healthy spry nude entrance I would have
just had to fall into my knees and plate
it off like I had just gotten out of
some cult in Ohio or so it is you need
to put some clothes on so I go from
businessman on a plane talking about his
diet all the way down to Chihuahua at a
parade I go from sushi
[Music]
listen all you need to put some clothes
on so I just start running and nude
looking all frantic over my shoulder and
I find the shorts that they they give
you a uniform that you have to wear
shorts in a t-shirt I find the shorts
thank God okay okay can I go to the
front desk I'm like hey how you doing I
need to get another shirt like you need
to be wearing a shirt to be in this air
you're right I should never have called
okay huh by this point I've aged like
sixty years I'm like a spa scavenger I'm
missing an old woman with the grocery
cart and a coyote in it just and I find
this Bureau it's filled with shirts and
I come to Papa but they're all youth
smalls which is essentially an American
Girl doll sized shirt but I'm like
you can do it Asian at this point a
night watchman who up until now has
taken pity on me those shirts are for
babies
it had been a while since such-and-such
is for babies had packed a punch but a
wallop that did bring and then my
friends I said perhaps the most pathetic
impotent thing any adult has ever said I
know it's for babies but I need it
[Applause]
I know it's for babies but I yeah you
think Paul Newman never said anything
like how you think
you think Obama's ever been out on the
town with Michelle because you know what
Michelle this point I hear hey Chris the
boyfriend has found me and the first
words he's ever heard me say you sir in
the holiday have said could I have you
here
we need one more strong person you're
perfect you know hands up okay you're
gonna take my weight okay
[Music]
face me this way
[Applause]
you guys have been a wonderful crowd
tonight thank you so
give it up for the band kneel up the
carrick of the Lumineers stealth all
bang that the Lumineers Brian head Ron
Smith definitely not of the Lumineers
Xavier on congas thank you so much good
night
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]

